Street battles between Palestinian
Fighters and Israeli forces are
intensifying on the streets of Gaza City
meanwhile Israel's bombing campaign
across the north has been
Relentless a major explosion hit near Al
shifer Hospital early this morning one
of many medical facilities that have
been under near constant threat the UN
says tens of thousands of people have
fled Northern Gaza this week There's
mounting pressure from some European
government officials to sanction Israel
who Al as Hann Mahmud joins us from Han
Unice inside the Gaza Strip hany so just
tell us more about that strike near the
AL shifer Hospital what
happened yes well uh the more there are
talks about a ceasefire the more intense
those Relentless air strikes gets just
of last night the vicinity of a Shiva
Hospital very close to the Main Road
leading to the entrance of the hospital
front and the back where the major
targets of Israeli multiple air strike
destroying major part of the hospital
properties in addition to the
infrastructure and all the roads leading
to it the hospital sustained a great
deal of damage severing uh major
Departments of it including the x-ray
department that sustained a great deal
uh of damage this all H came right after
an increased talk about a a possible
fire pause and a
ceasefire for the release of some 10 and
15 captives but the air strikes continue
to pound not only the northern part of
Gaza but as well the southern part where
the city of kanun was also uh East
particularly the Eastern side of the
city of kanun where six people uh were
reported killed in a target of a
residential home there are still people
under the rebeles and we don't know uh
if the rescue crew on on the ground have
been able to pull anyone from underneath
uh those uh Rebels and uh to jabalia
refugee camp which was a a a site of
Major Israeli air strikes in the past uh
week or so again uh was hit one more
time with multiple air strike killing
some 30 uh people as initial reports
from uh the area and there are tens of
other uh injuries the uh the air strikes
continue and it doesn't seem uh to stop
uh despite all the discussions and the
talks about uh uh that there is a
possible fire post but the worst of them
is a shifa hospital as it is on the
brink of collapse completely and with
continuous attacks on it will just uh
put the the hospital at the risk of
completely shutting down it is important
to draw the attentions of our viewer
that the hospital is still an evacuation
Center for thousand of Palestinian who
fled the northern part and some parts of
Gaza where streets fight are raging as
we speak yeah hany I was going to ask
you just bring us up to speed with the
latest on that fighting in Gaza City to
the north of where you
are yes well yesterday there was an
announcement by the Israeli military
that the the Israeli tanks and armed
vehicles are operating in the heart uh
of Gaza Center The Heart of Gaza City
where uh the according to Israeli
spokesperson is really military
spokesperson who said that they have
been able to identify locations of Hamas
elements in in tunnels underneath uh
residential uh homes in at the center of
Gaza that's where the the Israeli
military is pushing from three main axes
from the north the East and the south in
an attempt to squeeze the gazra but as
this happening uh Palestinian militants
are are fighting back uh those Israeli
tanks and Israeli Israeli military in
Gaza City and there reports about Fierce
uh battles and exchange of fire going on
inside of Gaza now because of the
disabled Communications and uh we we we
only get our updates about what's going
on in the streets of Gaz almost by the
end of the day it's hard to know exactly
what's going on but uh uh as the uh uh
initial reports talk about of people who
are still in Gaza of of of hearing a a
strong exchange of fire and Loud
explosions the only an indication that
the a fight is going on and it's going
really difficult at this time all right
hany Mahmud live for us there in Khan
Unice in southern Gaza Hy thank you